# Data-Analysis-Regional-Marketing
Regional Marketing as the name suggest focuses on all sorts of marketing corresponding to a particular region or place. This then involves the use of all the basic tactics and techniques used for any sort of successful marketing for the promotion of a particular country's services or products. Regional Marketing has now been considered to be on of the useful aspects of marketing. Regional marketing is one of those marketing techniques, which are emerging yet again to mark their impact. The techniques involved in the regional marketing are worthy of successful results for example the part of the search engine marketing is focused on a smaller and regional search engine and also directories which makes a good business sense and also aids one to adjust back into the local market. Regional marketers cover a larger geographic area that may necessitate multiple production plants and a more complex distribution network. While regional marketers tend to serve adjoining cities, parts of states, or entire states, dramatic differences in demand may still exist, requiring extensive adjustments in marketing strategy.
Research Regional Marketing
Regional Marketing as the name suggest focuses on all sorts of marketing corresponding to a particular region or place. This then involves the use of all the basic tactics and techniques used for any sort of successful marketing for the promotion of a particular country's services or products. Regional Marketing has now been considered to be on of the useful aspects of marketing. Regional marketing is one of those marketing techniques, which are emerging yet again to mark their impact.
The techniques involved in the regional marketing are worthy of successful results for example the part of the search engine marketing is focused on a smaller and regional search engine and also directories which makes a good business sense and also aids one to adjust back into the local market.
Regional marketers cover a larger geographic area that may necessitate multiple production plants and a more complex distribution network. While regional marketers tend to serve adjoining cities, parts of states, or entire states, dramatic differences in demand may still exist, requiring extensive adjustments in marketing strategy.
Advantages of Reginal Marketing
Regional Marketing can be carried out in the form of land, housing, economic development, investment, tourism marketing, etc. Regional Marketing is an effective tool for social and environmental development.
The task of regional marketing is to create new and strengthen existing advantages to attract economic agents to the region that can increase the welfare of the region’s inhabitants. In the same way, that product marketing reveals and brings to the consumer the unique properties of a product, Regional Marketing reveals and partially creates unique properties of the region, that can be useful to consumers: for entrepreneurs¬¬¬ proximity to markets skills of the workforce for tourists - climatic conditions, attractions for investors - real estate prices, sophisticated procedures for the sale of property titles.
Regional Marketing combines regional economics and marketing. The active development of this area in science is associated with the priority of intensive management methods and the exhaustion of the extensive possibilities of socio-economic development of territories.
The main advantages of Regional Marketing:
• Increasing the investment attractiveness of the regions for foreign investment;
• Expansion of the innovative component of society in the region;
• Ensuring the comprehensive development of medium, small and micro businesses;
• Expanding financial opportunities by increasing the quantity and quality of financial and credit services;
• Development of various types of tourism;
• Stimulating the sale of goods and services of local business;
• Strengthening social protection and social security of the population of the region.
The Regional Marketing based on the principle of integrated management, which involves achieving the optimal result. The many interests of economic agents and population groups within the framework of this approach should be consistent with the main and leading goal of ensuring guaranteed economic prosperity of the region and improving the quality of life of its population. 

